Add ObjectStorage installation to How-To guides (#135)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/zone-setup.adoc

. Compile and push the cluster catalog
. Wait for ArgoCD to sync the changes

== Configure Appcat ObjectStorage provider

> We offer ObjectStorage solutions to customers, https://kb.vshn.ch/appuio-cloud/how-to/vshn-example/activate-appcat.html[see] the following guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to https://kb.vshn.ch/appuio-cloud/how-to/vshn-example/activate-appcat.html[the dedicated page] to setup AppCat ObjectStorage
```
